Kk wdac edits event tag link update (#9708)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-application-control/event-tag-explanations.md

| 19 | Microsoft ECC Devices Root CA 2017 |

For well-known roots, the TBS hashes for the certificates are baked into the code for WDAC. For example, they don’t need to be listed as TBS hashes in the policy file.

> ## Status Values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Status values
```

> ## NTSTATUS Values

Reviewer 2: We can rename this header to "Status Codes" or "Status Values"

> Represents values that are used to communicate system information. They are of four types: success values, information values, warning values, and error values. Click on the [NTSATUS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/openspecs/windows_protocols/ms-erref/596a1078-e883-4972-9bbc-49e60bebca55) link for information about common usage details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents values that are used to communicate system information. There are four types of values; success values, information values, warning values, and error values. Go to the [NTSATUS](/openspecs/windows_protocols/ms-erref/596a1078-e883-4972-9bbc-49e60bebca55) link for information about common usage details.
```
